In the last lecture you'll learn how to use an output to enable average components to listen to your
own custom events which you could create with event emitter.
Now just like on an input on an output you also can assign an alias like here for blueprint creators.
Maybe you want to name this be created now with this.
This is the event you can listen to from outside.
So the app component where we try to listen we now need to rename it here to and listen to be pre-created
which is now just like on an input.
The one and only event you can listen to when it comes to this blueprint created event.
The other name blueprint created here will not be exposed to the outside anymore so it has to be BP
created.
Now all the rest stays unhatched and works just like before.